Q1. Is an assignment operator like += only for show? Is it possible that it would lead to faster results
at the runtime?
Ans. No, It's called shorthand operator. 
Depending on how you think about it, it's actually easier to understand because it's more straightforward. Take, for example:
x = x + 5 invokes the mental processing of "take x, add five to it, and then assign that new value back to x"
x += 5 can be thought of as "increase x by 5"
So, it's not just shorthand, it actually describes the functionality much more directly. When reading through gobs of code, it's much easier to grasp.

Q2. What is the smallest number of statements you'd have to write in most programming languages to
replace the Python expression a, b = a + b, a?
Ans. if-else block

Q3. In Python, what is the most effective way to set a list of 100 integers to 0?
Ans: l = [0]*100

Q4. What is the most effective way to initialise a list of 99 integers that repeats the sequence 1, 2, 3?
S If necessary, show step-by-step instructions on how to accomplish this.
Ans. l=[1, 2, 3]*33

Q5. If you're using IDLE to run a Python application, explain how to print a multidimensional list as
efficiently?
Ans. To print out the entire two dimensional array we can use python for loop as shown below. We use end of line to print out the values in different rows.
Example
from array import *
T = [[11, 12, 5, 2], [15, 6,10], [10, 8, 12, 5], [12,15,8,6]]
for r in T:
   for c in r:
      print(c,end = " ")
   print()
Output
When the above code is executed, it produces the following result −
11 12  5 2 
15  6 10 
10  8 12 5 
12 15  8 6 

Q6. Is it possible to use list comprehension with a string? If so, how can you go about doing it?
Ans. Yes, it's possible.
It's same like list comprehension.

Q7. From the command line, how do you get support with a user-written Python programme? Is this
possible from inside IDLE?
Ans. t this point, you should have a working Python 3 interpreter at hand. If you need help getting Python 
set up correctly. 
To run Python scripts with the python command, you need to open a command-line and type in the word python , 
or python3 if you have both versions, followed by the path to your script, just like this: $ python3 hello.py Hello World!

Q8. Functions are said to be “first-class objects” in Python but not in most other languages, such as
C++ or Java. What can you do in Python with a function (callable object) that you can't do in C or
C++?
Ans. All functions in Python are first-class functions. To say that functions are first-class in a certain programming language 
means that they can be passed around and manipulated similarly to how you would pass around and manipulate other kinds of objects 
(like integers or strings).
Other language like C, C++ doesn't use function in this way.

Q9. How do you distinguish between a wrapper, a wrapped feature, and a decorator?
Ans. Wrappers around the functions are also knows as decorators which are a very powerful and useful tool in Python since it allows 
programmers to modify the behavior of function or class. Decorators allow us to wrap another function in order to extend the behavior 
of the wrapped function, without permanently modifying it.

Q10. If a function is a generator function, what does it return?
Ans. A generator is a special type of function which does not return a single value, instead, it returns an iterator object with a 
sequence of values. In a generator function, a yield statement is used rather than a return statement.

Q11. What is the one improvement that must be made to a function in order for it to become a
generator function in the Python language?
Ans. yield statement should  be added at the end of the function.

Q12. Identify at least one benefit of generators.
Ans. Python Generator functions allow you to declare a function that behaves likes an iterator, allowing programmers to make an iterator 
in a fast, easy, and clean way. An iterator is an object that can be iterated or looped upon. It is used to abstract a container of data 
to make it behave like an iterable object.
